# -O3 CFLAGS
dev-db/mariadb O3.conf
dev-db/sqlite O3.conf
dev-lang/php O3.conf
dev-lang/python O3.conf
media-libs/libvpx O3.conf
media-video/ffmpeg O3.conf
sys-libs/talloc O3.conf

# native cflags
dev-libs/klibc nativecflags.conf
app-emulation/spice nativecflags.conf
games-emulation/fceux nativecflags.conf
sys-cluster/openmpi nativecflags.conf

# no distcc
dev-python/numpy nodistcc.conf
sys-devel/llvm nodistcc.conf
app-emulation/libvirt nodistcc.conf
dev-util/cmake nodistcc.conf
app-emulation/qemu nodistcc.conf
net-fs/samba nodistcc.conf
media-gfx/exiv2 nodistcc.conf
media-libs/taglib nodistcc.conf
media-video/ffmpeg nodistcc.conf
net-libs/webkit-gtk nodistcc.conf
dev-qt/qtwebengine nodistcc.conf
sys-libs/talloc nodistcc.conf
sys-libs/tdb nodistcc.conf
sts-libs/tevent nodistcc.conf
dev-libs/boost nodistcc.conf
sys-libs/ldb nodistcc.conf
dev-python/pcryptodome nodistcc.conf
dev-db/mysql-connector-c nodistcc.conf
dev-qt/qtcore nodistcc.conf
net-libs/rabbitmq-c nodistcc.conf
dev-lang/rust nodistcc.conf
media-gfx/graphviz nodistcc.conf

# no ccache
sys-boot/syslinux noccache.conf
sys-fs/e2fsprogs noccache.conf
dev-python/pyzmq noccache.conf

# wno-error
app-emulation/open-vm-tools wnoerror.conf
app-emulation/open-vm-tools-kmod wnoerror.conf

# No parallel
net-print/cups-filters makeoptsj1.conf
mail-filter/razor makeoptsj1.conf
