app-crypt/xca bindist
app-emulation/docker zsh-completion
app-text/ghostscript-gpl bindist
dev-db/libdbi-drivers bindist
dev-db/opendbx bindist
dev-lang/python berkdb
dev-lang/yasm python
dev-libs/botan bindist
dev-libs/gf2x bindist
dev-libs/openssl bindist
dev-python/pip zsh-completion
dev-vcs/git cvs subversion
gnome-base/gvfs test
gnome-extra/libgda bindist
kde-base/oxygen-icons bindist
mail-client/thunderbird bindist
media-libs/freetype bindist
media-libs/libaacplus bindist
media-libs/mediastreamer bindist
media-libs/mesa bindist
media-plugins/mediastreamer-silk bindist
media-video/ffmpeg bindist
media-video/libav bindist
media-video/mplayer bindist
net-dialup/freeradius bindist
net-dns/avahi utils
net-libs/gnutls bindist
net-libs/liboauth bindist
net-misc/openssh bindist
net-misc/vpnc bindist
sci-visualization/qtiplot bindist
www-client/chromium bindist
www-client/firefox bindist
